We want to have flexible and reusable components right.
Right now this component is reusable.
Yes we can add at multiple times by simply repeat repeating this task but we can set the data from outside.
It would be nice if we could do.
And we can do this.
It's a core feature of angular.
We can use a special decorator again.
So if the sign but now not added to the class but to just property decorators can all be added to properties.
The decorator we need here is to at input decorator and don't forget the parentheses.
You need to execute that decorator.
Now it's not known like this.
We need to import it and we do imported from angular core.
So here we simply add input without the sign here.
Just like with component where we also didn't add the sign in the import.
Now dishtowels angler this property is the input of this component which means we can set it from outside
to set it from outside.
I will go to my app component h I'll fall and now on my custom component I can use property binding
again to bind to user name and now pass any data I want.
Like a string with single quotation marks.
Chris and on the second component we could therefore pass another like that.
Now with that I can go back to the command.
I could leave my default string but I will remove it instead.
I will add a type definition again to inform typescript that this will eventually be a string.
We only pass a string here.
Now if I now safe to we go back to the app you see now we have Chris and Anna here because now that's
the day that we set from outside and with input we can pass it into the component to compare it with
view and a bit to react.
That is basically what props were in these two frameworks here.
It's called input you could say.